okay so this is a video that's been a
long time in the making
i've wanted to do my anti-rgb setup for
a really long time but
there were always these issues that kept
popping up like i couldn't cool certain
components properly
in this case and there were peripherals
that just i couldn't get them to match
my design aesthetic that i was going for
so i just waited i waited until
everything lined up nicely before i made
this video and that's where we are today
because stuff
has lined up nicely let's start off with
the case this is a case that i've
showcased several times on my channel
this is the ghost s1 from a company
called low key
it is in my opinion the best looking
small form factor case right now it's
eight and a half liters so it's very
small
has room for a full-size gpu and it's
very easy to work in
for a case that is of this size there's
a new cooler master case that i thought
was quite interesting the
nr200 i believe it has a very similar
design aesthetic but
it turns out that is a much larger case
that thing's 18 liters
versus eight this is like half the size
so yeah i wanted to keep it small
now building in this case has never been
difficult in terms of fit
but it's always been difficult to cool
well now last year i was running the
intel 9900k an 8 core cpu but i wanted
to get this thing even more juiced up i
tried to run the amd 3950x
way too hot couldn't cool this thing on
air at least not without like the extra
top hats and stuff i just wanted to keep
it
small like this i also tried the 3900x
still too hot i ended up settling on the
intel
10900k now that's a cpu that's still
really hot
it's 10 cores and i had to lock the cpu
boost
to 4.8 gigahertz i don't let it go past
that it runs hot
it's still like 87 88 degrees but it
doesn't break 90 and it doesn't ever
throttle and that's
really the only goal i had with this
system i don't think i can push
this case running on air without the
extra top hats and stuff
i don't think i can push it harder than
this this is the most powerful system
that i can personally build
in this case i actually had to use an
angle grinder
on the motherboard heatsink to be able
to fit the cpu cooler this time
it was tight so we have 32 gigs of ram
and it's all sitting on a gigabyte
z490i motherboard with all the rgb
lights turned off
the gpu is the rtx 2080 ti this
is on its last legs in terms of like
being the king of gpus this is two years
old at this point
but i also had to do some mods on this
thing so the
geforce rtx font at the top
turns green and it's really bright so i
popped off
the front plate on the cooler to access
the rgb lighting
and there was no way to easily
disconnect it or so i thought so i cut
it
and then when i tried to actually remove
the cable i pulled
that connector right off that pcb it
ended up working perfectly though
there's just no way for me to
easily reconnect the geforce rtx logo
back to the lighting system but
i'm good with that now the performance
on this machine is
excellent 10 core cpu rtx 2080 ti
i mean what do you expect right it's
going to push out some excellent numbers
and the thermals are
acceptable to me for the size of this
system now this setup uses one display
panel and it's a really nice one
so my old set of videos i've always had
this 38 inch
wide screen from lg it's a 38 uc99 i've
used it for
three maybe four years fantastic screen
but it was starting to show its age
they finally have a new one that fits my
needs perfectly so this is
again 38 inches wide screen but
better color accuracy and 144 hertz with
one millisecond response time it's super
fast
it's the perfect screen to me it's
g-sync compatible if that's your jam
it is so nice this is really the screen
that i've always wanted over these years
like it's this
gr it's a screen that's good for gaming
and for doing work right it's everything
in one panel it's bright
it's color accurate it is so good i love
it i think i'm going to replace
all of the displays that i have in the
studio with more of those 38 inch
screens they're so good i highly
recommend this display
and they also have good speakers if you
notice in my setup i don't have
external speakers now this is something
that is just my personal taste
i don't need external speakers as long
as the ones that are built into the
display
sound good and these ones are nice and
it keeps the whole desk
clean now if i'm ever playing games i
don't rely on externals i use
these ones this is the new surface
headphone 2 from microsoft i've done
like a mini review on them
because of bluetooth 5 and just i guess
new hardware from microsoft there's no
noticeable latency i can comfortably
play competitive shooters
with the surface headphones too so let's
talk about the
mouse and keyboard next i feel like this
is the last part of the
of the setup okay this is a mouse
most people have not heard of this is
something that has a bit of a backstory
to it
i was sent a kind of engineering sample
or prototype of this mouse sometime like
january or february of this year
and when they sent it to me they were
very hopeful they wanted me to do a
video on it and
i didn't like it at the time i was like
the idea is cool
but there's issues with it like there's
some build quality issues i didn't love
and like the wiring wasn't ideal
i just told them i'm not going to make a
video on it then i ended up buying the
retail unit like i think the retail ones
came out
sometime in the spring and they fixed a
lot of stuff that i talked about and i
just
i feel bad that i shut him down earlier
so
this is actually the mouse i've been
using for the past few months and you
guys have seen them in videos
and people have asked what is that mouse
i've never done a video on it or
anything
but this is the pwnage ultra custom it's
the world's lightest wireless
mouse if you're into counting grams but
it's a really good mouse now i wouldn't
put it in the same
category of performance as like uh gpro
wireless or like the viper ultimate from
razer
those i would consider to be better mice
but this has two advantages number one
it's cheaper it's 100 bucks
two it uses usbc charging this is a
feature that i
do not understand why so many companies
refuse to put onto their gaming by still
like there's
200 gaming mics out there that are brand
new that still use micro usb
for whatever reason this uses usb-c and
in an
era where like all of my devices are
usb-c
it's nice to be able to just connect it
up to juice it up so 40 hours of battery
life
it's a really good mouse personally i
actually can't tell the difference
between the sensor between this
and let's say the g pro wireless but i
would say that if you're
super competitive like mlg pro you might
notice a difference but i think most
people will really like
the performance on this mouse and you
can also remove the back plate like if
you don't like the smooth finish you can
pop it off and throw on honeycomb
material for a decreased
weight but yeah solid mouse
now uh there is i'd say one
main disadvantage to this their software
sucks it's super ugly and it's not
particularly intuitive
but because you just have to install it
once set it up to the way that you want
it and then it'll work
you just remove that software when
you're done and i just turn off all my
rgbs
because that's how the anti-rgb setup is
now the mouse pad
okay we got to talk about this mouse pad
so this is made by razer and it comes
from their
new work from home lineup it's called
the razer pro slide no glide and it's a
really
simple mouse pad it's 10 bucks but you
know how rare it is or how hard it is to
find
a gray or white mouse pad that doesn't
look stupid
these guys did it and it's got this nice
gray material on the bottom the rubber
with a nice hexagon pattern if you're
into hexagons
this is an awesome mouse pad i love it
and i'm probably going to buy a bunch of
these
i highly recommend this thing and it
uses the same kind of soft
surface as their regular gaming
mousepads it's a good one
the last piece of the setup was the
keyboard and i'm very picky about
keyboards
i couldn't use my regular massdrop
control or master up
alt keyboard that's a keyboard that
really depends on its rgb to look nice
if you don't have that stuff the keys
are even hard to read with those key
caps it's not
a good keyboard for this particular
setup the truth is
i never found the perfect keyboard i
have one that's being made by nathan
from teja keyboards but in the meantime
i've settled on this this is the razer
huntsman mini
and there's there's so much i like about
this keyboard it's not perfect like you
can hear
the problem right there the stabilizers
are not ideal at rattles
but the typing experience on this is
solid and i love the size
it connects with usb-c so i can use that
keyboard cable to connect into the mouse
to juice it up whenever i need to
and i feel like this is a keyboard that
doesn't need to light up to look good
right it's got a very clean aesthetic
optical switches and it just looks
really nice in this setup
now it's also a nice size i like smaller
keyboards
and it's i mean it's for gaming like you
tilt it and it
lets you move your mouse without it
getting in the way but that's
my anti-rgb setup and i hope it inspires
some of you guys to build systems that
are not
rainbows because rainbows are a little
too much sometimes okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it subs if you loved it i'll see you
guys next time